Improve OpenGL documentation in Internal rendering architecture (#9384)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/development/core_and_modules/internal_rendering_architecture.rst

used with Direct3D 12.

:ref:`doc_internal_rendering_architecture_core_shaders` are shared with the

> Vulkan renderer. Shaders are transpiled from :abbr:`GLSL (OpenGL Shading Language)`
> to :abbr:`HLSL (High Level Shading Language)` using
> Mesa NIR (`more information <https://godotengine.org/article/d3d12-adventures-in-shaderland/>`__).
> This means you don't need to know HLSL to work on the Direct3D 12 renderer,
> although knowing the language's basics is recommended to ease debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vulkan renderer. Shaders are converted from SPIR-V to DXIL using
Mesa's NIR (`more information <https://godotengine.org/article/d3d12-adventures-in-shaderland/>`__).
```

We never go through HLSL and knowing HLSL won't be a benefit to users
